Train by day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day.
What do you think about this con McGregor fully Mayweather fight.
I mean, it's a spectacle, I guess I'm excited. Uh, I'm excited about it,
but I feel like it's gonna be another big notch in, uh,
Mayweather's belt and I don't think he needs another one. Like I just,
I get a little bit, Ugh. I get a, I,
I respect Floyd Mayweather as a boxer,
but it's not the kind of boxing I get excited about watching. Well,
even though I know it's technically, you know.
It's gonna be, it's gonna be a boxing match. Yeah, for sure.
It's gonna be an actual 12 round boxing match.
So we're gonna get to see some sort of an athletic competition. Um,
but don't see.
Yeah. Sorry. I just don't,
I don't see how McGregor can be better than the best
boxers in the world who have tried. Yeah.
He won't be, he won't be better than the best boxers in the world,
but what he might do, first of all, he is definitely gonna make it exciting.
Yeah. He's gonna, the trash talk is gonna be fun. It's be amazing.
It's gonna be epic. Yeah. It's gonna be a fun spectacle and he has legitimate,
scary one punch power and he's way bigger.
So it's all about whether or not he can hit Mayweather.
What are they fighting at one 50.
Something? I don't know. That's a good question too.
How much weight does he have to lose?
How much is Floyd gonna make him dehydrate himself? Right? Does he even give a?
Does he even respect his skills enough to make him dehydrate himself?
Like he did with Canello cuz he made Canello cut a load to weight. Sure.
I think he made a fight at one 50. Is that correct? Find out what Floyd made,
whether made Canello Alvares fight cuz Canellos a big fellow. Yeah.
I've seen him in person, him getting onto one 50 is a rough, rough suck.
I think that, um, it's.
Always scary when you look at these dudes and they just look emaciated it before
the it's terrifying. Like Chaz, I mean, you know, he is a tall guy, so.
He's well, one of the worst I ever saw was when Connor made it to 1 45,
we fought Aldo. It was like Jesus Christ.
Like he looks so GA and dried up at the weigh ins and then the next day he looks
like a gorilla.
Uh, Canello came in at 1 52 it okay. And this fight is at.
1 54. It is at 1 54. That's what they're making it. Interesting. Okay.
Well this also says Connor's not gonna have a hard time making a 1 54.
Now this says Canella waiting at.
1 68. No, that was his last fight with Chavas junior Chavas junior.
He fought above his weight class actually Chavez junior.
I think it was fighting 1 75. Wasn't he? And he came down. Maybe,
maybe there was a normal wait for Chavez Jr. Oh this was.
For the 30 day way in when he fought Mayweather this.
So 30 days out. Yeah, a month out he.
1 66 0.8.
Yeah. Well they had stipulations in the contract,
like how big he could be at certain points. Yeah. You know, just stur.
He wanted to dry amount.
I mean I'm, what's the uh, what, what are the what's the whole, uh, Cardinal,
I mean, is it, are they gonna have all boxing under cards? Is it.
It's a good question. I think be fun to do a little,
the only fight is going to be interesting skill wise. Yeah.
Is if Conner figures out a way to mall him,
he's almost gotta like close the distance quick,
get him up against the ropes and just hit him with like shots while he is
holding him. He's almost got to clip him in some sort of weird,
awkward, like my Donna,
like exchange you ever see the fight with my Donna Floyd had, but Floyd, uh,
got clipped by uh, a big overhand. Right?
I think it was at the end of one of the rounds. Like very end of the round,
his legs dipped like whoa, a.
Little jig, a little, uh, a little wobbly.
He got a little dip. Yeah.
And it's just because he got MAED it wasn't because skill wise he was
commensurate. And then when Floyd came back in the rematch,
he just boxed his face off.
Just him up because he just wanted to let him know like, look, dude,
I barely took you serious in that first fight. It got close,
but it only got close cuz like this sloppy bra and then he just put a skill
clinic on him in the second fight. Second fight. Wasn't even close.
I think that that's the only kind, but that's not how Connor normally fights.
He's not like a swarming face first brawler type dude.
He's the guy who's like cautious about getting hit. Yeah.
I I'm. I'm thrilled about it, but I'm also, uh, I, I, I wish I wish I,
I wish I knew more about your side of.
The tracks. Well,
we don't know enough about Connor because Connor has never had a professional
boxing match. Right. You know, and the thing is you see a striking,
but you only see a striking when he is working on kicks and wrestling and all
that other too. If you.
Just kicked him, like, would that, I mean, just to, just to.
Do it, just to let 'em know, just to do it, that would be up.
It'd be up. But it.
Would be hilarious. Well, I think you'd probably,
there's probably some stipulations in the contract that say you can't get him in
an arm bar or.
Choke him.
I think just kicking him in the head and knocking him out would be worth losing
all the money and getting more money after that. Could you imagine.
He would be a folk hero if they got in close?
If they got in close and Floyd was like sucking and juing on the outside and he
threw a jab to cover up or left high kick and that left high kick next,
him just dang. And you see Floyd go limp and he would go limp.
He'd never been high kick like that. Jesus, that would be crazy.
<laugh> because if he didn't know it was coming, yeah,
he could clip 'em with it. Like if he had no idea,
if you hid a kick behind a punch, like fighter,
a lot of fighters do they'll like throw a punch, literally cover your face.
So the kick is behind it already. And then boom,
the kick comes like while your vision is already,
you're thinking about the next punch and bang, the kick lands.
And you get Cod happens all the time. If he did that, that would be insane.
Would it be worth it? It would,
but it would up everything up cuz no one would ever trust another fighter from
MMA to ever fight a boxer in a boxing match again,
because we've only had the op the opposite happen. Really?
Could they, after this,
could they do an MMA fight with the two of them? No,
no.
I don't know. Oh my God. It would last 30 seconds. Maximum, really massive.
If Connor wanted to give him an ear beating for 28 minute seconds, look,
Connor's so much better as a wrestler, as a submission artist,
mm-hmm <affirmative> as a kicker, there's just no way he'll,
he'll hit him with spinning elbows and.
Like there's things you can't do in a boxing match that you're not expecting.
And if someone's just kicks your legs, once you're gonna be like, oh my God,
what the? Now I'm just trying to think about way to build.
More money out of, uh, out of what's going on. I mean, you know,
it's the only way what's gonna come in hundreds and hundreds of millions of
dollars.
This, this, this is the only way. This is the only way,
but this is a giant big difference though.
Floyd would have to learn how to fight MMA style.
He would have to learn how to stop. Takedowns Uhhuh.
He'd have to learn how to check leg kicks and he'd have to learn how to defend
emissions. And that will take years and he's not gonna do that at 40 years old.
I don't know what he knows. Now,
as far as wrestling defense and what he knows about kickboxing or jujitsu or
anything else, I don't know what he knows, but if he knows nothing,
he's a hundred percent.
100% bet the house on it like Connor might
win a boxing match. I mean, maybe there's like a,
a small percentage chance that he just runs in there and clips Floyd with a big
shot and rocks him and then takes him out. I don't know what that percentage is,
but if you ask a boxing expert, there's like 4%, 5%, right?
That's what a boxing expert would say, which I'm not, but I'm an MMA expert.
And if they fought in an MMA fight,
it's 100% that Connor would him up 100%,
no ifs, no S no butts, no chance, no chance.
Cause Connor's gonna be farther away from Mayweather than anyone has ever hit
him. And he is gonna be kicking him in the stomach,
in the legs and he'll soften him up. And the rounds are five minutes long.
And eventually he gets a clinch. And when he gets a clinch, Mayweather is.
He's going to the ground. He's not gonna be able to stop,
but he's gonna get mounted and he's gonna get elbows force fed into his eye,
socket, his nose, his mouth, his jaw,
the sides of his head, his ears. He's gonna get elbowed in the ear.
He's gonna get punches dropped down on him.
When he is totally pinned down and defenseless,
he's gonna have an knee on one of his biceps while this guy's literally on top
of him pounding him in the face and he won't be able to get up.
He won't be able to stop the crucifix. He won't be able to stop anything.
He'll be tied up and smashed on the ground until he decides to choke him.
So he is be, he'll be completely defenseless. So in that sense, the,
the odds would be insane if Maya decided in the next two months,
cause the fight's gonna take place in August.
If they decided in the next two months, which by the way.
I feel like is soon. Am I wrong? Quick? I feel like it's.
Too soon. Very quick. It's very quick. It's not, maybe it's not too soon.
Maybe they've been negotiating for a long time,
but at least Connor knows something right about boxing or this could be
a thing. But if they just took it from now and said too, too months from now,
you're gonna have an M and may fight. Holy.
The odds would be a hundred thousand to one.
Like if you ask like any real MMA expert, they'd be like, what? How is he? Oh,
he's a hundred percent. A hundred percent.
And boxing experts think that Mayweather is a hundred percent,
but they'll give him a smile. Slight chance. You never know. It's crazy.
People are throwing punches. You never know.
Cuz Mayweather can throw a punch for sure.
And Connor can throw a punch for sure. Right? Who knows what happens?
Who knows most likely though Mayweather out boxes him,
but you could see con landing something. It could be crazy. It's.
He's just the hardest person to, it's not just that.
He's the greatest he's he's the hardest person to land a punch against.
That's why I just, yeah.
Ever. It just he's the best defensive boxer ever.